grab a seat man that's my seat that's
that's my seat pretty good
you're four years old
I had to think about it a little bit
Titus let me ask you a question do you
know that you have over 50 million views
on YouTube there's already over 100 okay
you have over it's
all this is wrong all this is wrong
because it says you have over 50 million viewers
you have cleaned it up you have over a
hundred million
I think why is it three girls in those
spots because in this show we put hot
chicks on the front row
but see we got your dad see that's your
dad over there right
I know I know
but see that's the dad and that's the dad
seat over there because we put him there
we go right so he can see you brother
all right
I tell you what I got some balls over
here and I want you and over there and
okay I didn't know that I just saw the
ones over here which one you want to do
okay let's go see a couple of tricks
let's go over here first
all right let me see this first okay well
let me put you up there then I'm gonna
put you up there hold on and let me see
let me get a couple of balls because we
might need a few shots
I said this but you're gonna make it so
what's your first one because you're just
gonna do it ladies and gentlemen Titus
the Magnificent yes
you can do it now okay go ahead just just
help make one buddy so we so we can go
down yeah
oh Titus Titus don't worry about the
smoke let's just make this shot so what
we're gonna do now is Titus you
scare me with the smoke
just yeah
the smoke is gone okay
you ready you are you
you lined up where you need is this thing moving
okay
here's my shot okay